I am considering making a tutroial/data base for learning how to use a program I have encountered in the past.  I am between two different programs I am decididing between are Latex and Jupyter.  I use Latex frequently as a text editor and I want to learn how to use it proficiently.  I have used a lot of help from online wikis and tutotrials but most of this information is scattered and can feel overwhelming.  I would want to make some sort of interface or compose a combination of writing intrcutions and examples to show how to use Latex as a beginner. Jupyter is something I have not used in over a year but like Latex, it has a steep learning curve and the infromation online is very scattered.  I used it in Physics II Honors when I wasa physics major.  I would be less familiar with this interface now but I feel as though I may have more experience with this than computer science majors, having at one point needing it for a class.  For the organization of this project I think I would like to do a blessed repository.  My tyhinking is that because I want the interface to be simple, easy to use and not as scattered, I would want to be able to control the amount of rapid changes so that the general public is able to still follow along and make use of this service.  Also any type of tutorial has to be easy to understand, but that is also contextual.  How I understand something, maybe be different from someone else's and if I am making this service, I would want to stay up to date on exactly what my service provides and make sure that it is consistent with my style of instructions.
